Now, if we run the application, let's try to register a user when we hit the register button, it
will not work.
So let me add a debugging point.
Also what I'm showing you in this video, I am hoping that the Dark Echo team will fix that very shortly.
So if this works for you, then you do not have to do anything, but it's good to know we will open
the register page motto here and we have the on get handler and we have the on post handler that may
add a debugger on line one one one.
Once we that, let's go here and try to register with it, enter an email and password and hit the register
button, it hits our break point.
You will notice here tomorrow.
State is not valid.
So it will not proceed further.
But why is the modern state not valid?
We have all the fields populated.
Our password is even secured.
The reason behind that is went dark at six when they are checking the market state.
They do not only check this model, they are also checking the return.
You are ill since they are checking the return you are.
You can see the string here is not credible because of that.
If we examined the model state where it's for you.
You will notice the return you are L is invalid because the string is not infallible.
But still what was passed is no.
So the solution here is pretty simple.
Let me stop it here, where would it just make this pretend you were at one level?
And with that, the model state will be founded.
I have a very strong feeling that this will automatically be updated in the next release.
But if this does not work for you, you just need to make this drink and drink.
Same logic, we also have to do in now again.
So let me do that.
We will open up the command post handler and the return to you what we need to make that Nullarbor.
So these are just two small changes that we had to do.
If you work with other pages, then you will have to do the same changes if they are checking for model
state and you get some errors there.
So with these two changes, let's continue in the next week, you.